Update hermes docs to use bundled hermesc script (#5455)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/hermes.mdx

</Note>

> If you are using Hermes with **React Native 0.68 or below** use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Hermes with **React Native 0.68 or below**:
```

```bash {tabTitle:Android}
node_modules/hermes-engine/{OS-BIN}/hermesc -O -emit-binary -output-source-map -out=index.android.bundle.hbc index.android.bundle
rm -f index.android.bundle
mv index.android.bundle.hbc index.android.bundle
```

> Since **React Native 0.69** `hermes` has been [shipped with React Native](https://reactnative.dev/blog/2022/06/21/version-069#bundled-hermes) so we will need to use `hermesc` from `react-native`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with **React Native 0.69** `hermes` has been [shipped with React Native](https://reactnative.dev/blog/2022/06/21/version-069#bundled-hermes), so you should use `hermesc` from `react-native`:
```

</Note>

If you're using Hermes with **React Native 0.68 or below**:

```bash {tabTitle:Android}
node_modules/hermes-engine/{OS-BIN}/hermesc -O -emit-binary -output-source-map -out=index.android.bundle.hbc index.android.bundle
rm -f index.android.bundle
mv index.android.bundle.hbc index.android.bundle
```

> Starting with **React Native 0.69** `hermes` has been [shipped with React Native](https://reactnative.dev/blog/2022/06/21/version-069#bundled-hermes), so you should use `hermesc` from `react-native`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with **React Native 0.69**, `hermes` has been [shipped with React Native](https://reactnative.dev/blog/2022/06/21/version-069#bundled-hermes), so you should use `hermesc` from `react-native`:
```
